BREAKING CHANGE: Refactor NodeClass controller (#5949)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/upgrading/upgrade-guide.md

* Karpenter changed the name of the `karpenter_cloudprovider_instance_type_price_estimate` metric to `karpenter_cloudprovider_instance_type_offering_price_estimate` to align with the new `karpenter_cloudprovider_instance_type_offering_available` metric. The `region` label was also dropped from the metric, since this can be inferred from the environment that Karpenter is running in.

> * Karpenter changed the log keys produced by the NodeClass controller as such: `nodeclass -> nodeclass.status, nodeclass.hash, nodeclass.termination`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Karpenter updated the NodeClass controller naming in the following way: `nodeclass` -> `nodeclass.status`, `nodeclass.hash`, `nodeclass.termination`
```
